Updated What's New for April 11 to June 3 2022 (#2647)
grommet/hpe-design-system: aries-site/src/pages/whats-new.mdx

<!-- BEGIN: What's New Entries -->

## April 11, 2022 - June 3, 2022

### Stay Current with the Latest Changes

- **Page Header**
  - [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/BHp0KrOcPvbnzNyshfHkd8/HPE-Page-Header?node-id=734%3A40546) and [Grommet](https://v2.grommet.io/pageheader) components are now available along with [design guidance and code examples](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/pageheader).

### Roadmap Updates

- **Figma Component Refactoring**
  - We are currently working on input components. Thanks for all of the help we've received from folks across HPE in this effort.
- **Multi-Select**
  - Wrapping up basic anatomy and focusing on how to represent the current selection.
- **Adoption Scorecard**
  - Working on initial draft version of a spreadsheet to evaluate how well products and services are aligned to the HPE Design System. Look for more to come in this area soon.

### Latest Releases

- **grommet v2.24.0** + **grommet-theme-hpe v3.1.0**
  - Added a NEW **PageHeader** component.

>   - List now supports `disabled` items and will indicate how the user is interacting via `onActive`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - List now supports `disabled` items and will indicate which item is currently active via `onActive`.
```

<!-- BEGIN: What's New Entries -->

## April 11, 2022 - June 3, 2022

### Communications

> - We're looking to improve the usability of the resources we're delivering, making the site easier to search, providing more and better examples, etc. We've got a summer intern coming on board soon to help with this.

Reviewer 2: Im thinking we can reword this sentence @taysea do you think you could take a look

Reviewer: I'm wondering if we leave this section out for this round and announce it when it's in progress the next time around.

We are still ideating around what these changes will be specifically, so I don't wan to prematurely announce and cause misunderstandings.

Author: removed

### Stay Current with the Latest Changes

- **Page Header**

>   - Both [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/BHp0KrOcPvbnzNyshfHkd8/HPE-Page-Header?node-id=734%3A40546) and [grommet](https://v2.grommet.io/pageheader) components are now available as well as [design guidance](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/pageheader)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Figma](https://www.figma.com/file/BHp0KrOcPvbnzNyshfHkd8/HPE-Page-Header?node-id=734%3A40546) and [Grommet](https://v2.grommet.io/pageheader) components are now available along with [design guidance](https://design-system.hpe.design/components/pageheader).
```

### Roadmap Updates

- **Figma Component Refactoring**
  - We are currently working on input components. Thanks for all of the help we've received from folks across HPE in this effort.
- **Multi-Select**
  - Wrapping up basic anatomy and focusing on how to represent the current selection.
- **Adoption Scorecard**

>   - Working on initial draft version of a spreadsheet to evaluate how well products and services are aligned to the HPE Design System. Look for more to come in this area soon.

Reviewer 2: what about Tabs since I have been out of the loop Im not sure where we are with that but I thought the design was done?

Author: I didn't include it because Tabs hasn't been a "roadmap item": https://github.com/orgs/grommet/projects/11
But, willing to add if you think it's notable enough.

Reviewer 2: gotcha some reason I thought it was a big item ticket that's fine to leave off

### Latest Releases

- **grommet v2.24.0** + **grommet-theme-hpe v3.1.0**

>   - Added a new **PageHeader** component.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Added a NEW **PageHeader** component.
```

>   - List now supports `disabled` items and will indicate how the use is interacting via `onActive`.

Reviewer: I'm not following what "will indicate how the use is interacting" is trying to say

Author: Typo, should have been: "will indicate how the user is interacting". Fixed.

  - For more details, see the [release notes](https://github.com/grommet/grommet/releases/tag/v2.24.0)

- **grommet v2.23.0** + **grommet-theme-hpe v3.0.1**
  - Support for ReactJS v18
  - `sticky` Header
  - Accessibility improvements including List and Menu `a11yTitle`, Video scrubbing via the keyboard.
  - DataTable now supports `disabled` rows and allows combining `onClickRow` with `onSelect`.

>   - For more details, see the [release notes](https://github.com/grommet/grommet/releases/tag/v2.23.0)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For more details, see the [Grommet release notes](https://github.com/grommet/grommet/releases/tag/v2.23.0) and [Theme release notes](https://github.com/grommet/grommet-theme-hpe/releases/tag/v3.1.0).
```
